{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red25\green28\blue31;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 This is CS50, Harvard University's introduction
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 to the intellectual enterprises of computer science
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 and the arts of programming.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 My name is David Malan, and I actually took this course myself, back in 1996.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 I was a sophomore at the time.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 I was actually concentrating in government, because a year prior,
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 as a first year, I'd come into Harvard thinking
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 that I liked history and constitutional law and similar classes in high school.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 And so when I got here, I rather gravitated
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 toward that which was familiar.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 I figured, if I liked and if I were good at that particular subject
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 in high school, then that's presumably who I'm supposed to be here.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 But it wasn't until sophomore year that I got up
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 the nerve to step foot in the CS50 classroom,
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 and even then, it was only out of curiosity.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 Like I had no intention of studying computer science of even taking CS50
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 when I got to campus.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 But people were talking about it, and there was a lot of beware.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 And it was perhaps for the initiated only,
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 and I didn't really ultimately what computer science was.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 But for me, the light bulb went off.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 I found that, contrary to what I'd seen in high school,
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 where I saw friends of mine like programming away in the computer lab,
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 heads down, antisocially just doing whatever it was they were doing,
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 it really wasn't that, once I got to this particular class
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 and this particular place.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 It was much more about problem solving more generally and just learning
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 how to express yourself in code, in different languages.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 So that you can actually solve problems of interest to you.
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 Even if you have no intention of being a computer scientist or an engineer,
